Feature/reformat examples (#4)
Pickra/copy-code-block: README.md

# @pickra/copy-code-block

- [What](#what)
- [Why](#why)
- [Credit](#credit)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Custom Styles](#If-you-don't-like-the-styles,-you-can-override-them)
- [Syntax Highlighting](#Syntax-highlighting)
- [Syntax Highlighting For Specific Code Segments](#Syntax-highlighting-for-specific-code-segments)
- [Built-in syntax highlighting](#Built-in-syntax-highlighting)
- [Dev](#dev)
- [Tests](#tests)

## What
copy-code-block accepts HTML, or HTML in a string, and returns
a new string. The new string contains the transformed HTML and a

> button that will copy the HTML to the clipboard. Below is the no frills default...

Reviewer: Might want to expand this to more than just HTML.
```suggestion
button that will copy the displayed code to the clipboard. Below is the no frills default...
```
